---
layout: base
---

{% include aboutnav.html %}

# Sponsors and Partners

Our activities are supported by our sponsors and partners; we are happy and
thankful for their actively helping us fulfill our mission. We are proud to
have their names on our site; for our industry partners we also use this page
for their job openings, as we value their business and engineering culture.

## Key Partners

### [Adobe](http://myadobe.ro/)

Adobe is one of the main attractions for students from the faculty, either as interns or employees. It has sound contributions to open source projects such as WebKit and Hadoop and has always been open to our projects and ideas.

**Adobe has sponsored the [Open Source Summer School](http://open-source.cs.pub.ro/summer-school/) and [ROSEdu Summer of Code](http://soc.rosedu.org/) and has supported [Hack Day](http://hackday.rosedu.org/).**

**[Developer Position in Digital Publishing]**

**Since**: October 21, 2012

Apply: contact Cristina Mincu (<cmincu@adobe.com>)

The position is for a fresh graduate student (college diploma obtained in the
previous 12 months) for the [Digital Publishing
suite](http://www.adobe.com/products/digital-publishing-suite-family.html).

We are cutting edge end to end (not only due to the technologies used but also
due to the devices. The team is really cool, a mix of very young people super
smart and experienced gurus from whom you can learn a lot. This experience is
something you meet once in a lifetime!

We are looking for people who are enthusiastic, creative, who have desire to
innovate, who enjoy technical challenges and are capable of proposing and
evaluating a solution against requirements. Exposure to Java or C/C++ is
required and we value exposure to iOS and Android programming and web
technologies. Object oriented design principles and design patterns is a plus.

### [Faculty of Automatic Control and Computers](http://acs.pub.ro/)

The Faculty of Automatic Control and Computers is the place where most of
ROSEdu's actitivies are taking place. We are thankful for its providing of the
lecture and lab rooms for our meetings and projects and the logistical
resources. As such, our community consists mainly of students and alumni of the
faculty.

**The Faculty of Automatic Control and Computers is providing the logistics for
ROSEdu activities.**

### [Google](http://www.google.com/)

Google is one of the prime brands in the ROSEdu community due to numerous
number of students that have worked at Google through their internship program
and their support for the [Google Summer of Code project](http://code.google.com/soc/).
Some of our community members are Google Student Ambassadors.

**Google has sponsored the [Community Development Lab](http://cdl.rosedu.org/)
and the [Web Development Course](http://webdev.rosedu.org/).**

<!--
Logo doesn't fit very well right now.

![Google Logo]({{site.basepath}}resources/promo/sponsors/google-logo.jpg)
-->

**[Engineering Internship](http://www.google.com/intl/en/jobs/students/tech/)**

**Since**: October 18, 2012

Apply:
    [Europe](http://www.google.com/intl/en/jobs/students/tech/internships/emea/),
    [US](http://www.google.com/intl/en/jobs/students/tech/internships/uscanada/)

Engineering internship opportunities are full-time positions and take
place year-round. We accept students from multiple disciplines – including CS,
EE, Maths, Physics – so students studying a variety of subjects are encouraged
to apply. Google internships start and end dates are flexible with regard to
academic schedules, but you’ll be expected to commit to at least three months of
full-time work.

We want to make sure we provide you a valuable learning experience and a deeper
understanding of Google's work environment, culture, and delicious food.

We review applications on an ongoing basis; as projects are allocated to
successful candidates soon after we interview them, to maximize your chances of
success we encourage you to apply as early as possible in the academic year.


### [Intel](http://www.intel.com/)

Intel is actively supporting open source through the opening of the Intel Open
Source Center in Bucharest, in 2010. Since 2012, Intel has opened the Intel
Open Lab in the university (room EG306), focusing on open source technologies
and education.

**Intel has sponsored the [Summer Workshops](http://workshop.rosedu.org) and the [D'Android Course](http://android.rosedu.org).**

**[Software Research Intern]**

**Since**: November 15, 2012

Apply:
    [Romania](http://www.intel.com/jobs/jobsearch/index_rcg2.htm?job=700864&src=ML-1046)

We are looking for master or PhD students willing to do research in the area of computer science and computer engineering.

The research activities associated to this project can offer the background for a PhD thesis.

**[Software Benchmarking Engineer Intern]**

**Since**: December 14, 2012

Apply:
    [Romania](http://www.intel.com/jobs/jobsearch/index_rcg2.htm?job=702486&src=DM-10080)

This is an internship position for 1 year with potential to extend.
Responsible for conducting data collection and measurements in a lab
environment. Also responsible for setup and configuration of various computer
systems and networking components.

You need to be a full-time Bachellor, Master, or PHD student.

**[Kernel Upstreaming Intern (Graduate)]**

**Since**: April 8, 2013

Apply:
    [Romania](http://www.intel.com/jobs/jobsearch/index_rcg2.htm?job=708677&src=DM-10080)

The intern will learn the basic steps of upstreaming contributions into the Linux mainline kernel version and will be in contact with kernel maintainers for requesting feedback and implementing required changes. From a technical point of view, the intern will work on a Linux kernel implementation of a TCP-like network transport protocol.

The intern will be part of the Innovation and Pathfinding team in Intel Romania and will be join an effort to upstream contributions into the Linux mainline kernel version.

Final bachelor year, MSc and PhD students are preferred.

**[Mobile Connectivity Intern (Graduate)]**

**Since**: April 8, 2013

Apply:
    [Romania](http://www.intel.com/jobs/jobsearch/index_rcg2.htm?job=708681&src=DM-10080)

The intern will learn how to design and implement future network protocols and devices that allow seamless connectivity for end-users. From a technical point of view, the intern will work with wireless communication technologies (like WiFi and Bluetooth), zeroconf network configurations (like mDNS) and mobile devices (Android platform).

Final bachelor year, MSc and PhD students are preferred.

**[Tizen PC internship]**

**Since**: April 8, 2013

Apply:
    [Romania](http://www.intel.com/jobs/jobsearch/index_rcg2.htm?job=708427&src=DM-10080)

Intel is looking for a highly skilled Masters or PhD student. The successful candidate for this position will be responsible for creating and executing manual and automated tests for Tizen PC . This is a great opportunity to work as a part of a team and to deliver leading edge solutions to rapidly growing and evolving mobile technologies.

**[Mobile Security Internship]**

**Since**: April 8, 2013

Apply:
    [Romania](http://www.intel.com/jobs/jobsearch/index_rcg2.htm?job=707944&src=DM-10080)

Intel is looking for a highly skilled Masters or PhD student. The successful candidate for this position will be responsible for developing white-box to black-box automated test tools against security APIs and Linux kernel drivers. This is a great opportunity to work as a part of a team and to deliver leading edge solutions to rapidly growing and evolving mobile security technologies. We are currently focusing on Tizen and Android operating systems.

### [Ixia](http://www.ixiacom.com/)

Ixia has had a continuous involved in the Faculty of Automatic Control and Computers since 2006. With Ixia focusing on Linux-based technologies and support open source projects and activities in the faculty, we are glad to have a healty partnership. Many members of the community are or have been actively involved in Ixia activities, as employees, interns or collaborators.

**Ixia has supported ROSEdu trips and team buildings.**

## Sponsors

### [Allevo](http://www.allevo.ro/)

Allevo is focused on business products and high-quality services. The have
adopted the idea of promoting producs as open source available engines. We
value their professionalism and openness.

**Allevo has sponsored [ROSEdu Summer of Code](http://soc.rosedu.org/).**

### [ANIS](http://www.anis.ro/), [CRIsoft](http://www.crisoft.ro/)

ANIS (Asociația Patronală a Industriei de Software și Servicii) gathers all the important software companies in Romania. We are happy to have dicussed with members of ANIS and to have received their support.

**CRIsoft, through ANIS, has sponsored the [Linux Install Fest](http://lif.rosedu.org).**

### [Bitdefender](http://www.bitdefender.ro/)

One of the trademarks in Romanian-based software development, Bitdefender is a
solid environment for low-level programming, also emphasising on Linux-based
development. We value their technical expertise and their consistent
involvement in academia.

**Bitdefender has sponsored [ROSEdu Summer of Code](http://soc.rosedu.org/).**

### [Eau de Web](http://www.eaudeweb.ro/)

Eau de Web specializes in web development with heavey focus on open source.
They have some of the best Python developers and software engineers around.
Their knowledge has been put to use in ROSEdu projects.

**Eau de Web has sponsored [World of USO](http://wouso.rosedu.org/), the
[Community Development Lab](http://cdl.rosedu.org/) and [Hack Day](http://hackday.rosedu.org/).**

**[Junior Web Developer]**

**Since**: March 7, 2013

Contact:
    [Eau de Web](http://www.eaudeweb.ro/#contact-us)

We are looking for a junior developer, willing to enhance his/her web development skills in PHP.

We build software products using open source. Our toolbox includes Linux, Git, Python, Flask, Django, Zope, jQuery, CSS, Apache Solr, Nginx, Drupal, LDAP and other packages as required. You'll be able to work in passionate and dynamic teams, write tests and do automatic deployment.

If you would like to join us or know more about this position, we would be happy if you would pass by for a discussion.

### [Eloquentix](http://www.eloquentix.com/)

Eloquentix is a dynamic company providing one of the best Ruby and web
developers around.

**Eloquentix has supported and sponsored the [Web Development Course](http://webdev.rosedu.org/).**

### [Intendo](http://intendo.ro/)

Intendo offers students the ability to build up their skills and focus on
personal development. They provide a set of informal classes, each of them
focusing on a different ability (also known as soft skill).

**Intendo offers discounts for their soft skills classes to students recommended by ROSEdu.**

### [Korect](http://www.korect.ro/)

Korect is a young startup company focusing on high quality products for
academia. The company has been built on top of ideas and projects within the
Faculty of Automatic Control and Computers.

**Korect has sponsored [ROSEdu Summer of Code](http://soc.rosedu.org/) and supported development of [World of USO](http://wouso.rosedu.org/).**

### [Ubuntu Romania](http://ubuntu.ro/), [SUSE Romania](http://www.suseromania.ro/), [Fedora Romania](http://www.fedoraproject.ro/)

Local Romanian Linux communities are always prepared to lend us their support
in increasing the awareness of Linux distrubutions among young students. Enthusiastic members of their communities are always there to help.

**Ubuntu Romania, SUSE Romania, Fedora Romania have provided support for the [Linux Install Fest](http://lif.rosedu.org).**
